number is=44
44 is palindrome
number is=54
54 is not a  palindrome
number is=25
25 is not a  palindrome
number is=22
22 is palindrome
number is=65
65 is not a  palindrome
number is=65
65 is not a  palindrome
number is=66
66 is palindrome
number is=63
63 is not a  palindrome
number is=6
6 is palindrome
number is=5
5 is palindrome
number is=545
545 is palindrome
number is=55
55 is palindrome
number is=101
101 is palindrome
number is=203
203 is not a  palindrome
number is=505
505 is palindrome
number is=525
525 is palindrome
number is=45
45 is not a  palindrome
number is=121
121 is not a  palindrome
number is=25
25 is not a  palindrome
number is=34
34 is not a  palindrome
number is=656
656 is not a  palindrome
number is=121
121 is palindrome
number is=41
41 is not a  palindrome
number is=11
11 is palindrome
number is=21
21 is not a  palindrome
number is=52
52 is not a  palindrome
number is=54
54 is not a  palindrome
number is=54
54 is not a  palindrome
number is=54
54 is not a  palindrome
number is=5
5 is palindrome
number is=22
22 is palindrome
number is=5
5 is palindrome
number is=44
44 is palindrome
number is=65
65 is not a  palindrome
number is=23
23 is not a  palindrome
number is=33
33 is palindrome
number is=6645
6645 is not a  palindrome
number is=552
552 is not a  palindrome
number is=63
63 is not a  palindrome
number is=101
101 is palindrome
number is=111
111 is palindrome
number is=141
141 is palindrome
number is=120
120 is not a  palindrome
